Update OSS documentation and guidelines for contribution (#2920)
kubeapps/kubeapps: README.md

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/kubeapps/kubeapps/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/kubeapps/kubeapps/tree/master)

## Overview
Kubeapps is an in-cluster web-based application that enables users with a one-time installation to deploy, manage, and upgrade applications on a Kubernetes cluster. 

With Kubeapps you can: 

- Customize deployments through an intuitive, form-based user interface 
- Inspect, upgrade and delete applications installed in the cluster
- Browse and deploy [Helm](https://github.com/helm/helm) charts from chart repositories

> - Browse and deploy from public or private chart repositories (including VMware Marketplace ™ and Bitnami Application Catalog)

Reviewer: Perhaps it worths adding some links here?
```suggestion
- Browse and deploy from public or private chart repositories (including [VMware Marketplace™](https://marketplace.cloud.vmware.com) and [Bitnami Application Catalog](https://bitnami.com/application-catalog))
```

- Browse and deploy [Kubernetes Operators](https://operatorhub.io/)

> - Secure authentication to Kubeapps using an [OAuth2/OIDC provider](./docs/user/using-an-OIDC-provider.md) 

Reviewer: Perhaps I'd also mention here something about Pinniped like:

```suggestion
- Secure authentication to Kubeapps using a [standalone OAuth2/OIDC provider](./docs/user/using-an-OIDC-provider.md) or [using Pinniped](./docs/user/using-an-OIDC-provider-with-pinniped.md)
```

- secure authorization based on Kubernetes [Role-Based Access Control](./docs/user/access-control.md)

**_Note:_** Kubeapps 2.0 and onwards supports Helm 3 only. While only the Helm 3 API is supported, in most cases, charts made for Helm 2 will still work.
## Getting started with Kubeapps

Installing Kubeapss is as simple as:

```bash
helm repo add bitnami https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami
kubectl create namespace kubeapps
helm install kubeapps --namespace kubeapps bitnami/kubeapps
```
See the [Getting Started Guide](./docs/user/getting-started.md) for detailed instructions on how to install and use Kubeapps.

> > Kubeapps is using the [Bitnami chart](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/kubeapps) as the official one. The chart inside this repository is only intended to be used for development purposes.

Reviewer 2: Just a small tweak - feel free to ignore.
```suggestion
> Kubeapps is deployed using the official [Bitnami Kubeapps chart](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/kubeapps) from the separate Bitnami charts repository. Although the Kubeapps repository also defines a chart, this is intended for development purposes only.
```

## Documentation

Please refer to:

- [Getting started guide](./docs/user/getting-started.md)
- [Detailed installation instructions](chart/kubeapps/README.md)
- [Kubeapps user guide](./docs/user/dashboard.md) to easily manage your applications running in your cluster.
- [Kubeapps build guide](./docs/developer/build.md) for setting up the build environment and building Kubeapps from source.
- [Kubeapps developer guide](./docs/developer/README.md) for setting up the developer environment.

> - [Kubeapps architecture](./docs/architecture/overview.md)

Reviewer: I'd rather remove them from this section and will wait until we have a chance to revisit them. Later, I'd add these links in a `## Contributing` section (along with the contributing.md, and other files)

Feel free to contribute using this guide on [how to update the API docs](./docs/developer/update-api-docs.md) and send us a PR if you find any errors.

> This API documentation is subject to change in each Kubeapps version. If you are interested in the Kubeapps API, please [reach out to us](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/kubeapps) for further information.
- [Kubeapps user guide](./docs/user/dashboard.md) to easily manage your applications running in your cluster.
- [Kubeapps build guide](./docs/developer/build.md) for setting up the build environment and building Kubeapps from source.
- [Kubeapps developer guide](./docs/developer/README.md) for setting up the developer environment.
- [Kubeapps architecture](./docs/architecture/overview.md)
- [Kubeapps FAQs](https://github.com/kubeapps/kubeapps/blob/master/chart/kubeapps/README.md#faq).

> ## Differences from Monocular

Reviewer 2: Woo - breaking away from the Monocular past :P

> See the list of [releases](https://github.com/kubeapps/kubeapps/releases) to find out about feature changes.

Reviewer: Not sure about the wording here, "_to find out about feature changes_" -> I'd change it to include also bug fixes (I mean, we also publish patch versions without new features).
So sth like

```suggestion
Take a look at the list of [releases](https://github.com/kubeapps/kubeapps/releases) to stay tuned for the latest features and changes.
```

But don't know; as it is the last sentence, we need a sort of a powerful finale

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/kubeapps/kubeapps/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/kubeapps/kubeapps/tree/master)

## Overview

Kubeapps is an in-cluster web-based application that enables users with a one-time installation to deploy, manage, and upgrade applications on a Kubernetes cluster.

With Kubeapps you can:

- Customize deployments through an intuitive, form-based user interface
- Inspect, upgrade and delete applications installed in the cluster
- Browse and deploy [Helm](https://github.com/helm/helm) charts from chart repositories

> - Browse and deploy from public or private chart repositories (including [VMware Marketplace™](https://marketplace.cloud.vmware.com) and [Bitnami Application Catalog](https://bitnami.com/application-catalog))

Reviewer: The second sentence already includes the first one, no? 
What about this?

- Browse and deploy [Helm](https://github.com/helm/helm) charts from public or private chart repositories (including [VMware Marketplace™](https://marketplace.cloud.vmware.com) and [Bitnami Application Catalog](https://bitnami.com/application-catalog))
